Examples updates (#669)
openownership/data-standard: docs/examples/index.rst

Examples
========

These fictional examples highlight key elements of how ownership and control information is built up through the use of statements.

A single direct owner
---------------------

Three statements (Entity, Person and Relationship) that describe the 100% beneficial ownership of Profitech Ltd by Jennifer Hewitson-Smith. 

.. literalinclude:: ../../examples/bods-package.json
    :language: json

> Tecido

Author: have removed the part in brackets because I don't think it's necessarily useful in the title? Can add back in if needed.

------

> This example demonstrates a gradual transfer of ownership from a single owner to an employee owned trust. In this jurisdiction a beneficial owner must be declared when they own at least 25% of the company. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates a gradual transfer of ownership from a single owner to an employee owned trust. In this fictional example, a beneficial owner must be disclosed when they own at least 25% of the company. The trust arrangement itself is not disclosed.
```

Author: have removed 'fictional' because it's stated at the top and is implied

> The trust itself is not represented here, shares are shown as being owned by a professional holding company. This could be the case where a jurisdiction has no trust register or a separate trust register. 

Reviewer: This line can be deleted, given my edit above.

`Example JSON <https://github.com/openownership/data-standard/tree/0.4.0/examples/tecido.json>`__ 

> | **20th January 2019** 

Reviewer: I think, for this example, it's good to follow the dates with the declaration reference, so:

**20th January 2019. Declaration bo-jtc-8755982746**

...or similar

And what about subtitling this section 'Timeline' and doing the same for the Fermcat example?

Is the '\|' meant to be formatting the lines somehow... it doesn't seem to do anything on my docs build.

Author: Yeah the | makes a new line without making a new paragraph. Looks a bit neater here

> | Tecido is registered with one person as owner and director. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Tecido is registered with one person as beneficial owner, legal owner and director. 
```

|
| **25th September 2021**

> | 60% of shares are transferred to a corporate trustee company.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 60% of shares are transferred to a corporate trustee company, Shear Trust.
```

|
| **25th September 2022**

> | An additional 10% of shares are transferred to the trustee company, who now owns 70% of the shares. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| An additional 10% of shares are transferred to the trustee company, which now holds 70% of the shares. 
```

|
| **3rd March 2023**

> | An additional 10% of shares are transferred to the trustee company, who now owns 80% of the shares. The original owner is now below the threshold for reporting and is no longer disclosed as a beneficial owner. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| An additional 10% of shares are transferred to the trustee company, which now holds 80% of the shares. The original owner is now below the threshold for reporting and is no longer disclosed as a beneficial owner. 
```

Fermcat
-------

> This example demonstrates how a confirmation process and changes in ownership are represented in BODS. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates how a confirmation process and changes in beneficial ownership information are represented in BODS. 
```

`Example JSON <https://github.com/openownership/data-standard/tree/0.4.0/examples/fermcat.json>`__ 

> | **11th September 2019**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **11th September 2019. Declaration 1**
```
Or similar format, for all date headings.

> | Fermcat is registered as having 2 owners who each own 50% of the company. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Fermcat is registered as having two beneficial owners who each own 50% of the company. 
```

|
| **11th September 2020**

> | The yearly confirmation process is completed. There have been no changes in ownership. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| The yearly confirmation process is completed. There have been no changes in beneficial ownership. 
```

|
| **11th September 2021**

> | In April 2021 one of the owners dies and his shares are transferred to his next of kin. When the yearly confirmation process is started this prompts Fermcat's accountant to update the register with this change. After updating the register she files the confirmation statement. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| In April 2021 one of the owners dies and his shares are transferred to his next of kin. When the yearly confirmation process is started, this prompts Fermcat's accountant to update the register with this change. After updating the register she files the confirmation statement. 
```

|
| **21st January 2022**
| One of the co-owners is bought out by the other. Fermcat's accountant updates the register to reflect this change. 

> Levent Trust 

Author: Should Fermcat/Tecido also be titled with something more descriptive?
